Add missing pieces from github repo (#5)
qiskit-community/qiskit-quantinuum-provider: CONTRIBUTING.md

py35 or py36).

If you just want to run a subset of tests you can pass a selection regex to
the test runner. For example, if you want to run all tests that have "dag" in
the test id you can run: `tox -epy37 -- credentials`. You can pass arguments
directly to the test runner after the bare `--`. To see all the options on test
selection you can refer to the stestr manual:
https://stestr.readthedocs.io/en/stable/MANUAL.html#test-selection

If you want to run a single test module, test class, or individual test method
you can do this faster with the `-n`/`--no-discover` option. For example:

to run a module:
```
tox -epy37 -- -n test.test_honeywell_credentials
```
or to run the same module by path:

```
tox -epy37 -- -n test/test_honeywell_credentials.py
```
to run a class:

```
tox -epy37 -- -n test.test_honeywell_credentials.TestCredentials
```
to run a method:
```
tox -epy37 -- -n test.test_honeywell_credentials.TestCredentials.test_discover_credentials_no_creds
```

##### Online Tests

Some tests require that you have a Honeywell account configured. These tests
will be skipped if no credentials are available. If you want to run these tests

> you need to have credentials configured either via the `HQS_TOKEN` environment

Author: ```suggestion
you need to have credentials configured either via the `HQS_API_KEY` environment
```
